Add Integration studio steps to CDC doc (#3)
wso2-extensions/esb-inbound-cdc: docs/config.md

## How to use

### Configure Micro Integrator

> 1. Download the inbound endpoint `org.apache.synapse.cdc.poll-*.jar` JAR file and add it in the `<Product Home>/dropins` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the JAR file for the inbound endpoint `org.apache.synapse.cdc.poll-*.jar` and add it to the `<Product Home>/dropins` directory.
```

> 2. Download the latest Debezium orbit jar from [nexus](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/public/org/wso2/orbit/debezium/debezium/) and place in `<Product Home>/dropins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the latest Debezium Orbit JAR from [nexus](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/public/org/wso2/orbit/debezium/debezium/) and place it in `<Product Home>/dropins`.
```

         <parameter name="offset.storage">org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.FileOffsetBackingStore</parameter>
         <parameter name="offset.storage.file.filename">cdc/offsetStorage/offsets1_.dat</parameter>
         <parameter name="connector.class">io.debezium.connector.mysql.MySqlConnector</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.hostname">localhost</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.port">3306</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.user">root</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.password">your_password</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.dbname">db_name</parameter>
         <parameter name="database.server.id">8574444</parameter>
         <parameter name="topic.prefix">topic1</parameter>
         <parameter name="schema.history.internal">io.debezium.storage.file.history.FileSchemaHistory</parameter>
         <parameter name="schema.history.internal.file.filename">cdc/schemaHistory/schema_history1_.dat</parameter>
         <parameter name="table.include.list">inventory.products</parameter>
         <parameter name="allowed.operations">create, delete</parameter>
      </parameters>
    </inboundEndpoint>
```

> - Update the host, user name, password for the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the host, username, and password for the database.
```

3. Further, let's assume that you need to listen to the data changes corresponding to insert and delete operations in the products table.
4. Download the JDBC driver from the MySQL website.

> 5. Unzip the archive and Copy the `mysql-connector-java-*-bin.jar` JAR and place it in the `<Product Home>/wso2/lib` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Unzip the archive and copy the `mysql-connector-java-*-bin.jar` JAR and place it in the `<Product Home>/wso2/lib` directory.
```
